LECTURE 7 QUIZ 

f = open('myfile', 'a')

The 'a' mode opens the file for appending, which allows writing to the file without deleting its existing content1.

A, B, and D only

A) When opening a file for reading, an error occurs if the file doesn't exist4.
B) When opening a file for writing, a new file is created if it doesn't exist4.
D) When opening a file for writing, the existing file is overwritten if it exists4.

get_extension3 only

get_extension3 is the only function that correctly handles both cases:

It returns the last extension for files with extensions

It returns an empty string for files without extensions56

'myfile1.fa'

sys.argv1 refers to the first command-line argument after the script name, which in this case is 'myfile1.fa'78.

An error will be produced stating that the file to be opened does not exist.

The os.listdir() function returns only the names of files and directories within the specified directory, not their full paths910. 
When trying to open filenames, Python will look for the file in the current working directory (home directory), not in 'mydir'. Since the file doesn't exist in the home directory, 
an error will occur
LECTURE 8 QUIZ 
Question 1
What module can we use to run BLAST over the internet in Biopython?

Correct Answer:
Bio.Blast.NCBIWWW

Explanation:
The Bio.Blast.NCBIWWW module is used in Biopython to run BLAST searches over the internet.

Question 2
Which one of the following modules is not part of the Bio.Blast package in Biopython?

Correct Answer:
FastaIO

Explanation:
The FastaIO module is not part of the Bio.Blast package. It is used for handling FASTA file input/output in Biopython. The other options 
(Applications, Record, and NCBIStandalone) are part of the Bio.Blast package.
Question 4
What is the correct Biopython code to print the reverse complement of my_seq?

Correct Answer:
print('reverse complement is %s' % my_seq.reverse_complement())

5TH ANS 
WASYLSYIPCSYGGAMFYVNPRSKDIIPKSYN*DLDMVLFCLSYRRLCSFLLFFGLLLILLWHLR*
