QUIZ 3

List

The object [1e-10,(1,2),"BGP",] is a List.

90.0

The code (grades+grades)/2 returns 90.0.

['GT-AG', 'GC-AG']

splice_site_pairs[:-1] returns ['GT-AG', 'GC-AG'].

L.append(e)

To add a new element e to a list L, we use the command L.append(e).

Error

The code t.append(('A','C','G','T')) will result in an error because tuples don't have an append method.

't'

The print function in the given code will output 't'.

del dna_counts['a']

To delete an entry with the key 'a' from the dictionary, we use the command del dna_counts['a'].

dna_counts={'t':dna.count('t'),'c':dna.count('c'),'g':dna.count('g'),'a':dna.count('a')}
max_freq=sorted(dna_counts.values())[-1]

This code will find the frequency of the most frequent character in the string dna.

All elements common between lists L1 and L2 without duplicates

L3 = list(set(L1)&set(L2)) contains all elements common between lists L1 and L2 without duplicates.

2

QUIZ 4


This is the correct negation of the original expression. It uses De Morgan's laws to negate the original compound condition.

if fold is 2

The code will print 'condition B' only when fold is exactly 2. For any other value, one of the other conditions will be true.

11

The loop will execute 11 times. Starting from 1, doubling each time: 1, 2, 4, 8, 16, 32, 64, 128, 256, 512, 1024. The next doubling would exceed 2048, so it stops after 11 iterations.

1, -2, -5, -8, -11, -14, -17, -20



All three changes are needed to correctly generate all non-empty substrings.

C only

Only option C correctly implements the equivalent while loop version of the original for loop.

Change line3 to be:
if elem in L2 and elem not in L3:

This change ensures that only common elements are added to L3, without duplicates.

The value of the result variable is the same, but the variable d is different.

Both versions correctly compute the result, but they populate the dictionary d differently.

For no value

The conditions for printing 'very big' are never reached due to the first if statement.

2

The loop breaks when i becomes 2, which is the first even number encountered


LECTURE 5 QUIZ
Functions swap2, swap3, and swap4 only


f1 and f2 will return the same value only for negative values of x. For positive x, f1 divides by 2 after multiplying by 3, while f2 multiplies by 3 first and then divides everything by 2.

function1 produces the output: 3 2 1 and function2 runs infinitely.

function1 will correctly print 3, 2, 1 and terminate. function2 will run infinitely because it doesn't have a base case to stop the recursion.

x+n*y

The compute function adds y to x, n times recursively. So the final result is x+n*y.

The function will never return a value.

If n is negative, the function will recurse infinitely and never reach the base case of n==0.

valid_dna4 only

Only valid_dna4 correctly checks if all characters in the DNA string are valid. The others have logical errors.

L3 is a list that contains only the elements that are common between the lists (without duplicates).

The list comprehension creates a new list with elements that are in both L1 and L2, using set(L1) to remove duplicates.

An error message.

An error will occur because the function tries to print message before it is defined within the function's scope.

may have no parameters

Functions in Python may have no parameters. The other statements are not always true.

C

Option C is the only correct function header. Default arguments must come after non-default arguments.

LECTURE 6 QUIZ 
B

The correct option is B. The code:

python
import sys
print(sys.version)
is a correct Python program to obtain the Python version you are using. This imports the sys module and prints the version attribute, which contains the Python version information.

Option A is incorrect as version is not a built-in variable.
Option C is incorrect as version is not defined.
Option D is incorrect as sys.version is not the correct attribute name.

Creates a dna variable containing a string of length 1000000, and with the a,c,g,t characters.

The function create_dna generates a random DNA sequence of length n (1000000 in this case) using the characters a, c, g, and t. It uses random.choice to select a random character from the alphabet for each position.

All of them are correct.

All four functions correctly count the occurrences of a specific base in the DNA sequence. They use different approaches but produce the same result.

count4

The count4 function is likely the fastest as it uses the built-in count() method of strings, which is optimized for this exact purpose.

A, B, and D

When PYTHONPATH is set, Python searches for modules in:
A) The directories specified in PYTHONPATH
B) The current directory
D) The installation-dependent default path

The home directory (C) is not automatically searched unless specified in PYTHONPATH.

Lists all the attributes of the dnautil module

The dir() function, when called with a module as an argument, returns a list of all valid attributes and methods of that module. This includes functions, variables, and other objects defined in the module
